Real CD (#478)
TheBevyFlock/bevy_new_2d: docs/workflows.md

- (Optional) Deploy to [itch.io](https://itch.io).
- (Optional) Deploy to [GitHub Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages).

> If you have the `continuous_deployment_to_itch` env var enabled, it will also deploy the newest version of the app on every push to `main` to itch.io if the itch page is set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable `env.continuous_deployment_to_itch`, it will also deploy the newest version of the app to itch.io on every push to `main` (assuming the page is set up).
```
Nit
